## Wrappers for clients generated using code-gen

### Usage:

```
code-generator <command> [input-flags]
```

where `<command>` can be one of:
- client
- lister
- informer

It is possible to run the code generation for multiple components at once `code-generator client,lister,informer [input-flags]`

#### Input flags:

1. `--input-dir` - The directory path where APIs are defined. Make sure that the types are defined in `<inputDir>/pkg/apis/{$GROUP}/{$VERSION}`. For example, if your input apis are defined in `types.go` inside `examples/pkg/apis/apps/v1/types.go`, the input directory should be specified as `examples/pkg`. `{$GROUP}/{$VERSION}` is appended in the input path.
**Note**: This is the relative path to the input directory where APIs live.

2. `--output-dir` - The directory where output clients are to be generated. It defaults to the `clientset` folder under current working directory.
    - `Clientset` wrappers would be generated inside `<outputDir>/<clientset-name>/clientset.go`.
    - Individual typed client wrappers would be inside `<outputDir>/<clientset-name>/${GROUP}/${VERSION}/${group_version}.go`.

3. `--clientset-api-path` - The path to where `clientset` generated by `k8s.io/code-gen` is present.

4. `--clientset-name` - The name of the generated clientset package. It defaults to `clientset`.

5. `--group-versions` - List of group versions in the format `group:version`. Define multiple groups by specifying the flag again. For example, the inputs can be:
    - `--group-version="apps:v1"`
    - `--group-versions="rbac:v1" --group-versions="apps:v1"`
    - `--group-version="rbac:v1,v2"`

6. `--go-header-file` - Path to the header file.

Example:
To run it locally and see how it works, use the following command:

```
mkdir -p testdata/pkg
go run main.go client,lister,informer --clientset-name clusterclient --go-header-file examples/header.txt \
                      --clientset-api-path=github.com/kcp-dev/code-generator/examples/pkg/generated/clientset/versioned \
                      --input-dir examples/pkg/apis \
                      --output-dir testdata/pkg --group-versions example:v1
```

will create output folders in `testdata/pkg`.
